Add build backend (#23)
CZ-NIC/setuptools-grpc: README.rst

   # file: MANIFEST.in
   graft out

------------------------------
Restricting build dependencies
------------------------------

Generated gRPC Python modules have a restriction:
You should ideally run the code with the same version of ``protobuf`` that was used to build the package.
To complicate matters even further, ``grpcio-tools`` bundles its own version of ``protobuf`` and although
it does depend on ``protobuf`` package, it doesn't actually use it to generate the Python modules.

There's a possible solution: Don't generate the gRPC Python modules until you know which version of
``protobuf`` will be used to run it.
If you have a separate package for gRPC API, you can publish the ``sdist``, but not the wheel.

> Wheel will be built when you install the ``sdist`` and you can specify the ``grpcio-tools`` version usedto build it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wheel will be built when you install the ``sdist`` and you can specify the ``grpcio-tools`` version used to build it.
```

Author: Fixed.
